Add --check-anchors flag to broken-links docs (#3519)
mintlify/docs: installation.mdx

The command ignores files matching [.mintignore](/organize/mintignore) patterns. Links that point to ignored files are reported as broken.

> To also check anchor links (links to specific sections within pages), use the `--check-anchors` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To also check anchor links like `/path/to/page#anchor`, use the `--check-anchors` flag:
```
